I met the man who has been sending the messages, he didnt introduce himself and he didnt need to.. he spoke as if he knew me, not where i was or what i had done but my heart.. when i asked him what he wanted he only said to help.. apparently Jack is one of many who seek to hurt and corrupt the world.. before i could reach the conclusion that he must be working for The Core or some other official channel that deals with such security threats, he mentioned that the group were conduits of hope, a fringe group of secrecy.. it's still unclear.. But he told me enough to know he didn't want anything from me, nothing other than to help the casualties of the system he said..

after Jack I am not so sure about trusting a stranger who claims they are here to help.. but i have been hungry and cold and dirty and the help was appreciated.. he talked to me about what happened, he somehow knew how I got out of the building and knew internal procedures and details I have only glimpsed at.. but when he got to my father he didn't point fingers and accusations of evil.. only that he was effective at his role.. the distinction fell over me like a darkness.. framing of good and bad, evil and good, they are binaries that halt curiosity and examination, false binaries to streamline control in 'us' and 'them', or whatever other lines of segregation we create..

I wanted to test the boundaries.. I asked questions I was sure there was no explanations to, decisions in USOL that seemed abstract when I first read about them.. he painted a vibrant picture of consequences and real events mapped onto places and people.. but no accusations or ideas, just the events.. just letting me draw my own conclusions.. it feels so different from jacks guided reasoning, from his manipulative hands..

Only when I found the truth for myself did he show me what I already knew.. To see those reports Jack wrote, the official statements from that night.. My faith is not misplaced, and seeing the proof did not make what I already knew any more real. I do not need to see it for my eyes to know any more than I know.

I have seen him a few times over the past days, coming unannounced but always at the most convenient time.. I leave those conversations feeling as though something inside me has been re-organized.. not destroyed, but shifted.. and if nothing else how grateful i am to not be destroyed for all that has happened..