I keep trying to place the exact moment everything changed.. when everything became unreal.. it's not when the alarm sounded and it's not when they forced me to the floor..

this is all much bigger than that, much bigger than that.. it was the instant I realized I am not a person, but a variable just like everyone else, and i moved out of my expected range..

when you are a child, you take the way things are for granted almost, growing up in that place was growing up believing it was a fortress of intelligence and progress.. I mean that's what you kept hearing so that's what you believe about the world.. even its cold walls felt safe and reassuring when I was younger.. cold meant precise and precise meant safe.. safe from the other, safe from the unnamed evils that lurk outside of that same safety..

but when i felt that cold hand on me, when they kept repeating and repeating and repeating procedural phrases instead of my name.. these guys I know, these guys who have known me, something I have been in denial of was just no longer avoidable.. I have spent months figuring out the details and years before that deprogramming my brain, but you have a sense of loyalty in you for these places, for home, an idea it can change at least..

Jack had told me i needed to think rationally, he's been saying a lot the last weeks that just doesn't make sense, that he is worried about me, that he was worried about me and I was spiraling.. it's strange since he was the one who initially started opening my eyes to all this.. stay calm he kept saying.. calm explanations are just a way of controlling the narrative through our naive human craving of comfort.. but Jack did far worse than that, the very person i thought was holding my hand through this mess might have been causing it.. I could tell by how he looked at me.. how he answered.. he denied it, but his face couldn't.. I can't get his face out of my head, the frame of him standing in that garage, the weight of his dishonesty hanging around us and holding me in place.. no longer.