Location:  Saturn high orbit

Target: MON-SAT 15713, monitoring satellite. 

Mission: take control of the satellite, reposition to Enceladus low orbit, scan surface. 

Mission control: Glenn Fonk,  Cyber Warfare specialist.  

 

Glenn: Ok guys, let’s start

Samantha: You sure about that ? I mean, we didnt really get full approval

Glenn: He said “ok”.  What else do you need ? We got paid as far as i know so might as well just start. 

Samantha: Ok, up to you of course but it’s just … the satellite belongs to SOYUZ i think. Won’t we get in trouble because of that ? 

Glenn: Only if YOU fuck up and leave the traces. 

Samantha: Huh ! So you are questioning my skills now ? Bastard ! 

Glenn: Wow ! Chill, girl, I'm just kidding. Dinner on me !

Samantha: You know how to treat a girl … ok, starting now 

… 

 

… 

…

Samantha: Control established,  repositioning the satellite. 

Glenn: Any complications so far ? 

Samantha: Yeah, the chair is awful.  

Glenn: Right …  

… 

…

…

Samantha:  Repositioned.  Starting the scan.  

WARNING *  Radiation detected 

Glenn: What is that ? Where ? Is it the scan ? 

Samantha: Yes. The scans indicate massive amounts of radiation from the target site. 

Glenn: What type ? 

Samantha: Can’t really tell. It is directed though, we got detection only while passing above a specific location, or a quadrant.  

Glenn: Did that affect our scans ?  

Samantha: Most likely - yes,  i am still downloading the results to a remote server so we will know for sure only when it’s done.

Glenn: Can you run another scan pass ? 

Samantha: Doable, but dangerous. We are getting out of our non-detection frame.  

Glenn: Do it. Without that data it’s all for nothing anyways. Try a slightly different longitude or something. 

Samantha:  It’s so nice of you to tell me what to do Glenn … 

Glenn: Now is not the time for that. Please proceed. 

Samantha: Already in progress … 

 

*Warning* Radiation detected 

*Warning* Object Proximity 

*Warning* Connection lost 

 

Glenn:  What The Fuck was that ?  

… 

Glenn: Sam ? 

Samantha: I … have no clue.  

Glenn: Tactical ? Update ? 

Victor:  Boss, it looks like the satellite was shot down by the defence system. 

Glenn: WHAT DEFENCE SYSTEM ? 

 

Victor: Ground one, Boss. 

Glenn: Sam ?   

Samantha: Don’t look at me - we did not have any intel about it. 

Victor: Boss, it looks like that radiation warning was about us being target painted  by something. 

Glenn: That is real nice.  Super fucking awesome.  Did we get the data at least ? 

Samantha: Yes. It has been transferred to one of the secure servers.  

Glenn: Okay. Can you tell me anything about it ?  

Samantha: You know how HE goes about sharing results, but at this point - who cares i guess.  Looks like there is a large installation, definitely artificial. Radiation levels are high, but tolerable. There looks to be a ship of some sorts nearby from the main installation, but it looks abandoned. 

Glenn: Any life signs ?  

Samantha: I can not tell with that amount of interference, but it does not look like there are.  

Glenn: Victor, did you verify what shot us ? 

Victor: No, Boss.  But it came from an area south of the main installation if the data is correct.  

Glenn: All right. I assume with the loss of the satellite there will be no trace of our operation left ? 

Samantha: There should not be, but we do not know where the debris will fall, or whether it will burn in the atmosphere or not.   

Glenn: Does not sound that reassuring … ok, let’s wrap this up. I will create a report later, and  I would need your reports as well.  And let’s hope our employer won’t decide to send a scout team down there … 
—