Location: -redacted-

Target: Patrol Cruiser  “Samarra”,  SOYUZ. 

Mission: Data Retrieval

Mission control: Himmel “Crotch” Blau 

 

 

 

Mission briefing: 

Guten Abend, meine Freunde  !   

Ja Ja,  I know you do not like when I speak German, but it is the language of my ancestors ! 
Also, it makes me calm down a little. Gut, Gut.   

So, today we have a very interesting task to accomplish !  We must capture a spaceship ! 
Why, you  may ask ? Because it is good pay, ja !  Ha ha !  

But obviously, we are all here for the money and a resume. So we will have to make it all go flawless.  

So, team one,  my dear  “Gungnir”, you will have to approach that ship first, guns blazing, and board it from its front.  Dangerous, as always, but our agents on board should make a diversion.  

Team 2,  “Gopniks,  you board from the left side.  Yes yes, I know it is not the correct term, but you know I am not good with all that ship crap, ja ?  

So ! Two teams will board and capture the machine room and the bridge. Or at least paralyze those two so that our 3rd team can achieve the main objective. 

And as for the 3rd team - “Paralax”, you board from the right side of the ship, closest to its mainframe.  

The main objective is - download all information from the mainframe. It should contain data about all their patrols, hidden bases, refueling posts and any other locations that ship has passed.  
Our employer is only interested in one specific location, called “Camelot”.  Whatever that is. Everything else is for us to copy and keep, and sell, potentially. 

So, the profit would be good ! Should we be successful of course. 

 

Any questions ? Ah ? No ! Wunderbar !  Let’s start now then.  

 

 

 

—-

AAR (After Action report). 

 

Reporting officer:  Gustav “Dork” Dorfson 

 

At 05.00 solar time the operation command gave a green light to start the operation. 

3 troop-carrying shuttles were launched from a -redacted- platform, pre-staged on the intercept route.  
 
The patrol cruiser  “Samarra” has been on its pre-approved trajectory, heading towards the Luna base, as predicted.  

At 07.00 solar time, due to a power surge in one of the shuttle’s systems  it was spotted by “Samarra” and the request for identification was sent on an open channel. 

At that point the operational command switched the plan to variant B. The shuttle initiated decoy engine fires while broadcasting SoS on the open channel.  Two other shuttles proceeded to the  interception  point unnoticed. 

But instead of following protocol and reporting to the closest rescue vessel,  Samarra changed course seemingly in an attempt to pick up the stragglers.  That brought a risk that two remaining shuttles would miss the boarding window. 

At that point the operational command gave an order to switch to plan C and then D due to further situational deterioration. 

Both remaining shuttles had to initiate their engines and approach “Samarra” at full speed, ramming into its hull. The defective shuttle did the same but encountered incoming fire from the ship and got disabled.   

At the same time, “Samarra” has been damaged as well due to internal sabotage and incoming fire from all 3 shuttles. 

By the time the crews of both remaining shuttles boarded the cruiser,  there was no element of surprise remaining. 

The boarding team was able to take control over engineering, but the bridge was fully operational.  Team “Paralax” proceeded to the mainframe location, encountering light fire from the crew. 

By 09.00 solar time “Paralax” has reached the mainframe only to find that it has been disabled from the bridge.  Team “Gopnik”  severely crippled engineering and decided to attempt a bridge force entry.  They failed, while losing 2 operatives in the process.  

By a coincidence, the bridge itself was damaged as well, and probably depressurized which led to an emergency lock disable. That allowed team “Gopnik” to enter the bridge and disable the mainframe lock.  

Due to all those events team “paralax” was able to download all available data from the mainframe and extract, followed by team “Gopnik”. 

“Samarra” has been severely crippled and was not able to fire at fleeing ships. 

On their way out  both remaining shuttles picked up the remaining crew of team “Gungnir” that was stuck in a disabled shuttle (that was terminated after their departure) and proceeded to the midpoint base. 

After their arrival at the base, team “Paralax” tried to analyze the received data only to find out that most of it has been erased but a safety measure. Only traces of data remained that would have taken a long time to recover. 

The mission was considered a failure and the mission control was relieved of duty for 2 months. 